Add blocksize to `DocumentDataset.read_*` that uses `dask_cudf.read_*` (#285)
NVIDIA/NeMo-Curator: docs/user-guide/bestpractices.rst

NeMo Curator is designed to be scalable with large amounts of text data, but OOM errors occur when the available GPU memory is insufficient for a given task.
To help avoid these issues and ensure efficient processing, here are some strategies for managing memory usage and mitigating OOM challenges.

> Controlling Partition Sizes

Author: @sarahyurick added here. Let me know if we should add something specific from https://github.com/rapidsai/cudf/blob/81cd4a00f8ae0dcde359ac11b53a9b3d855e50e2/docs/dask_cudf/source/best_practices.rst#use-parquet

Reviewer: Thanks, maybe it would also make since to link to the Dask cuDF documentation directly for more information.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> You should consider using ``files_per_partition`` or ``blocksize`` when reading data. This can help reduce the memory load by processing large datasets in smaller chunks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user should consider using ``files_per_partition`` or ``blocksize`` when reading data. This can help reduce the memory load by processing large datasets in smaller chunks.
```

> #. ``blocksize`` argument is available for ``jsonl`` and ``parquet`` files. But for `parquet` files it's only available when ``add_filename=False``

Reviewer 2: @praateekmahajan , Have we filed issues to `cuDF` to support these features long term. 

1. Supporting `add_file_name` to `cuDF` with multiple files (to decrease that perf delta)
2. Blocksize+`add_file_name` argument for `cuDF`.

Author: Discussed offline, i think there is confusion, we need to resurrect the issue https://github.com/dask/dask/issues/6575

> #. ``blocksize`` argument is available for ``jsonl`` and ``parquet`` files. But for `parquet` files it's only available when ``add_filename=False``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. The ``blocksize`` argument is available for ``jsonl`` and ``parquet`` files. However, for `parquet` files, it is currently only available when ``add_filename=False``.
```

> #. For ``blocksize``, the recommendation is to use 1/32 of the total GPU memory. For example, if you have a GPU with 32GB of memory, you can set the blocksize to ``1gb``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. For the ``blocksize`` parameter, the recommendation is to use 1/32 of the total GPU memory. For example, if you have a GPU with 32GB of memory, you can set ``blocksize="1GB"``.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Now that https://github.com/rapidsai/cudf/pull/17250/files should we also note that by default we will move to `1/32` by default if nothing is provided. 

What do you think ?

Author: Discussed offline, we can't support 1/32 as an input value because `dask_cudf.read_parquet` supports it but not `read_json` (or either of cpu implementations)
